Update chobble-template docs with detailed feature overview (Dec 2024) (#11)
chobbledotcom/chobble-site: src/services/chobble-template.md

The template is adapted to the specific way I build websites. It's an "opinionated" template, designed to load quickly with great search engine optimisation potential, and to be hostable at low cost. For more on effective SEO strategies, check out my [free guides](/guides/).

> Since I released the template it's grown a lot. The current version _(December 2024)_ includes pretty much everything a small business website needs:

Author: ```suggestion
Since I released the template it's grown a lot. The current version _(September 2025)_ includes pretty much everything a small business website needs:
```
